Senior sister
There have been thieves running rampant recently.
Difficult to enter and unstable
Master was murdered by a traitor again
Senluo Hall is leaderless
Please come out of the mountain to take charge of Senluo Hall
Avenge the master
Remove violence for the people
Please come out of the mountain
I'm tired of that life of fighting and killing
I'm doing great.
Fortunately, I joined the Chen family half a year ago
Happy now
Senior sister, but you, go away
Don't bother me anymore
You go and investigate Mu Qinghe's situation in the Chen family
Yes
Don't you have eyes?
My shoes
Your mother is on the street
I can't afford a year's street stall